Add halfcliff keyboard (#13515)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/halfcliff/readme.md

# halfcliff

![halfcliff](imgur.com image replace me!)

> *A short description of the keyboard/project*

Author: filled in :)

* Keyboard Maintainer: [n2](https://github.com/N2-Sumikko)
* Hardware Supported:  halfcliff PCB, Pro Micro
* Hardware Availability: [PCB & Plate Data](https://github.com/N2-Sumikko/HalfCliff.git)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     qmk compile -kb halfcliff -km default
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     qmk flash -kb halfcliff -km default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make halfcliff:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make halfcliff:default:flash
```

Author: Thank you for your review!
